Example language

Secruity:
 - Name obfuscation
 - Arithmetic obfuscation
 - Control flow obfuscation
 - String encryption
 - Checksumming

Structure:
 - C like structure to start with. Come up with fitting structure as I go.
 - Strongly typed


 Ideas:
  - Could allow relfection in limited fashion, you may only perform a reflection call if you explicitly define execution for when it doesn't work.
    + How to allow reflection with name obfuscation?
     - Needs some runtime mapping, wouldn't be secure.
    + Could allow reflection without direct name reference, like looping functions in a module.
  - auto deduction of variable types (auto, var, etc)
  - Support for meta programming, which essentially is a kind of reflection.
   + I could support parsing and modification of construct that don't directly rely on their names.
     like looping all methods of a class, but not allowing literal comparisons, only static like comparing 
     argument types etc.
  - Look to draw inspiration from cool features from other languages.

The language could allow the user to define obfuscation technies that should be applied, and how to apply them.

So for example you could attach some directive to a function declaration, saying that you want it to have its controlflow obfuscated.
A function could be defined as

<return type> <identifer>(<paramaters>, ...) [<Directive list>] {<code>}

The directive list could apply to anything that you want to define rules for.

The 'maybe' boolean value. A cute way to get a randomized 1 or 0 at runtime.

a built in loop stop counter in the language (opt in)

A retif keyword would be nice. it could be used to return if and only if the condition is true. no need to do a comparison, then if its true return something.

In addition to having the posibility of obfuscating the code in the directive, it would be cool if I could have directives for making it easier to read, understand and reverse engieer. So that its easier to study and learn what is going on underneath.

I can also make it so that the directive allows control what kind of mangling a function should have. If I go with function overloading, but I want C code to be able to call it, then this could be specified in the directive.

Name of language:

Eru - from the god of the lord of the ring world who created the world.

File extenion is .arda - as in the Lord of the ring planet itself.
The world it self "Eä" could also work, but it uses non standard asci and
I dont want Ea only.

-------------------

Data types:
int
string

string name() [
  Directive..
  ] {
  int a = 0
  return a + 1
}

int main() {}

